Remove asynchronous feature (#643)
theforeman/foreman-ansible-modules: README.md

### Known issues

> * Some modules, mainly `katello_sync`, trigger long running tasks on the server side. It might be beneficial to your playbook to wait for their completion in an asynchronous manner.

Reviewer: sync and cv_version, should both be mentions?

Author: Like this?
```suggestion
* Some modules, e.g. `katello_sync` and `katello_content_view_version`, trigger long running tasks on the server side. It might be beneficial to your playbook to wait for their completion in an asynchronous manner.
```

Reviewer: Yes

>   As ansible has facilities to do so, the modules will wait unconditionally. See [ansible documentation](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_async.html) for putting tasks in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As Ansible has facilities to do so, the modules will wait unconditionally. See the [Ansible documentation](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_async.html) for putting tasks in the background.
```
